docs: update release plan to include product team (#2791)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: RELEASE.md

### Tag a release [Product team]

🛳️ The product team updates the `CHANGELOG.rst` file when needed to make it more
user friendly and potentially highlight relevant features or disrupting changes.
This process can start on Tuesday after 12:00.
As soon as the release PR is merged, the product team tag a release and inform YAT
for the rollout.

### Deploy [YAT]

* Roll out the release: create one PR per deployment in the `terraform-renku` repository to update the version and make any needed configuration changes. Important: if needed, add the `scheduled maintenance` label to help avoiding it being merged too early. Limited should be rolled out before Renkulab, as a canary release (see below).
* Plan a maintenance, create it in statuspage for all Renku deployments managed by us. Coordinate with external Renku deployments admins (UniFR, SV).
* Limited should be rolled out ~1 week before the Renkulab rollout, to give a chance to find bugs early. E.g. Limited on Wednesday and Renkulab on Monday.
* Make the tag in the `renku` repository, monitor the automatic process of chart publishing and deployment on staging.
* Merge terraform-renku PR, monitor Flux upgrading Renku everywhere.

> * Contact the Product team before rolling out on Renkulab (ideally one day in advance), so that they can highlight prominent changes on Discourse, Twitter, and other channels.

Reviewer: I wonder if we need some mechanism to actually block merging until this is done. A label?

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need to _block_ deployment on user announcements- it can be my job to make sure those announcements go out in a timely manner considering the planned release schedule.

> * Contact the Product team before rolling out on Renkulab (ideally one day in advance), so that they can highlight prominent changes on Discourse, Twitter, and other channels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* After the Limited and RenkuLab deployments are completed, notify the Product team that the deployments are live, so they can post the release Highlights.

### Share Release Highlights [Product team]
* On Wednesday with the Limited release, share release highlights with SDSC (Slack).
* On Monday with the RenkuLab release, highlight prominent changes on Discourse, Twitter, and other channels.

```
